[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>BILLY CARSON:
Welcome to "Disclosure
with Dr. Steven Greer."
In this episode, we explore
the levels of consciousness,
cosmology, and technology.
Welcome, Dr. Greer.
>>STEVEN GREER: Thank you.
Glad to be with you again.
>>BILLY: Thank you.
You talk about the conscious
holographic universe.
Can you walk us through that?
>>GREER: Yes, I think it's
really important for people
to understand that right
now, you and I are awake,
and we're conscious,
and everyone listening.
That conscious mind,
whereby you're awake,
is actually an infinite
field of awareness.
We're only identifying
it with ourselves,
but in reality, it's always
infinite and unbounded.
And the reason we end
up not identifying
with the infinite
unbounded aspect of it
is that we have
been trained only
to be focused on our own--
what's right in front of us.
So when you go into
meditation, you
can experience deeper,
quiet consciousness,
and then, in that state,
you can see remote places.
That's remote viewing
or being a seer.
You can see the future,
and that's precognition.
You can see other realms,
the so-called worlds
of light-- astral,
celestial, other dimensions,
higher and lower.
And you can perceive, also, the
very structure of the cosmos,
where the first emanations
from the field of consciousness
are beginning to emerge.
And those first emanations
are the tonality of thought.
It's the sound
component of thought.
Interestingly, that's
what a mantra is--
chanting.
But if you look at it from a
structure of the cosmos point
of view, it's that you have
this impulse that emerges,
that is-- it's self-conscious
and consciousness.
And that first emergence
from the unbounded field
of consciousness was the
plane of the absolute,
as the mystics call it.
There's this stimulation,
this initial thought of--
from the great spirit, and
it's called the primal thought.
And that primal
thought and tonality,
that then differentiates into
all that exists in the cosmos,
in creation, not just
the material, 3D, but all
the worlds of light, the--
all that exists.
So that primal thought
is constantly there.
It's not like it came and went.
It's a continuous presence.
That, then, unfolds into the
specific tonality thought
essence that's conscious
within all things.
So this primal thought
then goes like a fractal
into an infinite number
of expressed things--
stars, people, rocks.
Everything has this within it.
So standing within every single
point in space, time, or object
is the unbounded
consciousness, because all this
is that, this
emanation of tonality,
primal thought, that
then differentiates
into that specific object.
From there, you have
the emanation of light,
so the first emanation of
light from the primal thought
has been called the
most great light.
But from that most
great light, you then
have the expression into
the light within all things.
So then, at that point
that this emanation
of the pure light form
that's undifferentiated then
becomes the worlds of
light, they're called.
And this can be all the
different dimensions--
higher, lower,
angelic, celestial,
to the very highest level.
Now, the highest
level of the expressed
is very, very close to that most
great light primary emanation.
So what happens is
then from there,
you have a template
that interfaces,
that creates time,
space, matter, 3D.
So I think for us to understand
these extraterrestrial
civilizations, we have to
understand a new cosmology.
Now, let's talk about
the technologies.
If you're going to go from
one point in space and time
to another beyond
the speed of light,
you're traversing
along, I call it,
the underbelly of the
cosmos, but you have actually
transdimensionally shifted
into the astral or near astral.
And you know, people think
this is so hard to understand,
but think about it.
Most people have had a
lucid flying dream, where
they see a place or a future.
But how does that happen?
It's because the
consciousness within us
and our deeper, subtle
bodies are not as fixed
in space and time and intellect
as we normally associate,
and, therefore, you can see a
distant place, a distant time,
a future event, a past event.
So that is very much involved
with extraterrestrial
technologies have
those abilities
that this cosmos that
I'm talking about
is actually utilized
more fully--
let's say a fuller
spectrum is used
by interstellar civilizations
than we are now on Earth.
So that's really important.
So now, you get into
this whole question
of extraterrestrial spacecraft
and civilizations and people.
Yes, they can appear
full 3D, but they
could be hovering outside
your window in 5D.
What's interesting
about this, I call
this "the gap," this
interface between 3D
and these other dimensions.
And in that gap is a lot going
on of where the material cosmos
and what we call physical
sciences can begin to interface
with these more subtle,
finer refinements, very
fine versions of
electromagnetism
that are beyond
the speed of light.
And matter into the near
interface, where the astral,
so-called, conscious
light energy becomes form
and matter--
that is very much
the mastery that
happens between the
science of consciousness
and all its expressions
and 3D, physical sciences
like we think of today on Earth.
And that's our future.
I mean, that's why, I say the
science of consciousness being
integrated with physical
understanding instead
of an either/or is going
to be an integrated--
>>BILLY: Together.
>>GREER: --system.
>>BILLY: Do you think that
some of these ET civilizations
live in other dimensions,
actually live there, and then
can just faceshift
their frequency
to walk into our dimension?
>>GREER: Well, all-- if
they're from a physical planet
and a physical spacecraft, they
traverse these other dimensions
and can reside in
those dimensions
as long as they wish or not.
That's why it isn't just
while during transport.
They can be outside
the building here,
shifted beyond the speed
of light in the near astral
or in the gap or partially
in this dimension
or fully in the astral.
Now, as you go through more
advanced civilizations,
the technologies track
the level of consciousness
of the planet as they evolve and
higher states of consciousness.
>>BILLY: Dr. Greer,
you've highlighted
the hierarchy of the states
of consciousness for beings.
Can you tell us a little
bit more about that?
>>GREER: Sure, and I think it's
important to understand it,
because this is the
path all of us are on.
Now, what I'm going to
describe is, again, a linear--
sounded like a linear
process, when, in reality,
various states of consciousness
begin to overlap and unfold,
so certain aspects of it will
be happening all the time.
But the basic ones are everybody
is aware of being awake,
sleeping, dreaming.
And then there's another one.
And the basic one
is in meditation--
our society ignores this--
is being in that transcendent
state of samadhi, where
you're just aware of awareness.
You're not aware of
your thoughts, yourself.
You're in this very peaceful,
unboundedness of being awake.
So it's the nothingness
of being infinitely awake,
not the nothingness of
being asleep and dark.
So that experience
is something that you
can have spontaneously
or through the practice
regularly of meditation
and understanding that.
By the way, all
meditation techniques
should be designed to
get you to that point
where the meditation
technique stops.
The technique is just
getting you to a place
where you can let go and
where the individuality
of your individual
soul can merge
with this unbounded field.
And so from there,
what's interesting,
as you go through the
development of higher
states of consciousness,
intentionally
engaging in meditation, the
study, and various techniques,
you will, at some
point, experience
cosmic consciousness,
as it's been termed,
which is when you're aware of
that unbounded conscious field,
even while you're driving,
walking, what have you.
And this develops
slowly for most people,
but the key hallmark
of it is you're
aware of that unbounded
conscious state
from having been immersed
in it in meditation enough,
even while you're awake
and dreaming and sleeping.
And so then you open up the
whole richness of dream time,
as Aboriginals in
Australia call it,
where you have these experiences
even in the dream state,
which, again, most
people have that
even before they're established
in cosmic consciousness.
So you can have transitory
cosmic consciousness
experiences that
come and go, but it
being established
all the time is
when you're fully in
that state all the time.
>>BILLY: Right.
>>GREER: As that is
established and while it's
being established,
you spontaneously
begin to develop
more and more ability
to have what's called celestial
perception and the perception
literally, physically,
and within your mind
of these resonant
frequencies that
cross over into astral
all the way to celestial
and, eventually, to the divine.
We call it Godhead or
the God consciousness
state of that being.
Then there's
another state-- it's
a little more abstract--
where you actually
perceive everything
as pure consciousness.
And you usually need to have
someone who's experienced
that to sort of say,
yeah, that's what that is,
because it's incredibly subtle.
But where you actually
see everything as--
so it's unbounded
consciousness within
and unbounded consciousness out.
And those become one.
That's why it's called
unity consciousness.
There's this woven together--
your direct perception
of the world around
you is that it
is at all consciousness,
a very, very
high state of consciousness.
And then there's a state beyond
that, Brahmin consciousness,
as it's been termed.
And this is more
universal consciousness,
where you, as an individual,
experience the consciousness
of the entire creation.
And the reason they're important
is that these have corollaries
not only into CE-5 contact
but the kinds of civilizations
we interact with.
>>BILLY: Dr. Greer, what are
the technological corollaries
to these cities
that you mentioned?
>>GREER: Yeah,
and this is really
where the rubber meets
the road in terms of CE-5
contact and this subject.
So everyone's heard about
the CIA remote viewing
projects and all of that.
Those are the low tech ones,
but that actually gets--
when you get a really
developed civilization or some
of the more developed
classified projects,
those capabilities get--
I call it routinized, where
it's made routine scientifically
through technological
systems that interface
with consciousness and thought.
So this is where you get
into the technology-assisted
consciousness, where
your consciousness can
be assisted in remote
viewing or seeing
in the past or the future
through a technological system.
And ETs have those devices,
because in ET systems,
involve the ability to drop
out of space-time linearity
and be able to see things
past, now, or future.
Caveat-- anything that's
perceived in the future
is only a probable future.
The recent charlatans are always
going to say on October 15,
XYZ is going to happen
is that by the time they
utter it and see it, it
can change the timeline
or whether it will
happen or not.
So when you're
talking about future,
except for very big events
that are sort of fixed,
you're talking about
the probability.
Now, the probability may be 99%.
It's never 100% when you're
talking off the right now
or what's already happened.
Everything that's happened
in the past and happening now
is engraven within the structure
of these other dimensions
and consciousness and
is always going on.
Now, so here's an
example of that.
One of my military advisors
was at the White Oaks Naval
Facility in Maryland
before it closed,
and this is back in the '70s.
And they had a device
in naval intelligence,
where it was called--
they could extract
from what they
called the white noise of space
time anything that had ever
happened in any volume of space.
So they could target,
say, the space
where this building is and
see what's going on right now
or what happened
last night or what
happened 1,000 years
ago in this space
or happened a million years
ago with absolute accuracy.
And that was in, I think,
'73, '4, that era, and it
had been around a while.
But those technologies, imagine
what interstellar civilizations
that have been
going interstellar
for hundreds or thousands
or millions of years--
they have generation
5,000 of this stuff,
so just keep that in mind.
So and then you get into things
like, for example, levitation.
I've talked about the
fact that a city that
develops and can
happen spontaneously
is the ability to levitate.
Well, how is that
really happening?
Well, when you're in a
certain state of meditation,
and it's sort of also
connected to the heart and joy,
it creates a--
and the heart has 30,
40,000 neurons, by the way,
and is electromagnetic,
as is the brain, as is
the whole body, you can
alter the angular momentum
and spin of all your molecules
and atoms, so you lift up.
You click it a
little further, you
will dematerialize and disappear
and appear somewhere else.
This can all be
done by developing
higher states of
consciousness, and everyone's
read accounts of enlightened
masters who could do this.
Now there's a
corollary to that--
obviously, anti-gravity.
Well, they're using an
electromagnetic, very high
voltage system to create the
same effect that a very high
consciousness state can affect.
It's all both levitation
of material objects.
Similarly, when you get into
these consciousness-assisted
technologies, you can
actually have consciousness
that is interfacing
with your technologies
so that you teleport
or materialize
or lift things at a distance.
That can be done
technologically,
and ETs have that.
And then you have things
like full on teleportation.
Now, those experiments
began in the '40s, '50s.
One of the disclosure witnesses
was at an Air Force base
in '53, where they were
teleporting solid objects
from one part of
the base to another,
and it would go from one
electronic system to another
and go, boom, boom,
and that was '53.
So we know that that can
be done technologically,
but it can also be done, as I
mentioned, through the cities,
the higher states
of consciousness.
You see, there's a pattern here.
Almost everything
you've heard about that
is an innate ability
and consciousness
can be made routine, routinized
through scientific discovery
and has been, frankly.
And the same thing--
dematerialize, rematerialize.
Now, in the ET systems
and classified projects,
these transdimensional
interstellar craft
have to be able to drop out
of 3D materialization, go
through these other
dimensions-- they're
called "transdimensional--"
and appear
at another point in space-time.
And in a sense, they can
create their own portals.
Everyone thinks you have to
have a pre-existing portal.
Actually, CE-5 groups-- we are
creating our own portal right
above what we're doing.
And the same thing with--
you hear of masters
who can materialize
a ruby or an object.
>>BILLY: Right.
>>GREER: Well, a little
bit like Star Trek,
ET civilizations, their
manufacturing of their craft
is through these
transdimensional energy fields,
where the reason when you
see an actual ET craft, there
aren't any parts to it.
And in fact, the
material in it is so pure
that even in space,
we haven't been
able to replicate the purity.
Why?
It's because it is materialized.
It is brought in from let's call
them elementals of this gap,
from the near astral
to the physical,
and it is then resonantly
infraultrasonically
and resonant fields
brought into 3D.
So that's an electronic
system but a very refined one,
and that's how they
materialize things.
And then, you have other types
of experiences-- bilocation,
trilocation.
It means that an ET craft can
be in multiple places at once.
Now, enlightened
masters have been
able to bilocate and meet with
more than one of their students
at the same time.
You hear these accounts.
Well, it's the same
thing in consciousness,
but then made routine
through electronic systems,
because, in reality,
like the spooky effect
Einstein talked about, you
can have the same particle
in two places at once.
Well, you can do the same
thing not just with a particle,
but an entire spacecraft.
And then you get into things
like remote healing event.
A wonderful doctor,
Larry Dossey,
did the book, "Recovering the
Soul," about remote prayer
and healing events that
they've been studied.
And humans can do
that, and as you
go into higher states
of consciousness
or understand the power of
consciousness and prayer,
you can affect outcomes and
help people heal at a distance.
Well, there are
electronic corollaries
to that that are using
the consciousness field,
so interstellar civilizations
have that and can
do amazing healing with it.
>>BILLY: You speak about the
10 levels of civilizations,
and can you speak on that?
And also, where are we
going as a civilization?
>>GREER: Oh, the latter
part of the question--
we're headed off a cliff if
we don't change directions.
As the Chinese proverb says,
unless we change directions,
we're likely to end
up where we are going,
and so we need a
course correction.
The civilizations
that are interstellar,
in order to cross the
threshold where we are,
where we have these fearsome
weapon systems that could
eliminate all life on Earth, and
not just hydrogen and nuclear
bombs, but others that
are classified, so we're--
human civilization's
at a level zero.
We're basically not yet
a real civilization.
We're trying to get there.
But eventually a civilization
has to reach level 1,
or they self-destruct.
And the hallmark of a
level 1 civilization
is that it's a peaceful,
global civilization where
all their technologies are
life-supporting technologies.
They're not ones where you're
blowing things up, digging
things out of the ground,
burning coal and oil
and chopping down things.
You're using these
advanced technologies,
and you develop a world-- and
this is where we're headed.
We need-- we should have
been there 100 years ago,
but we're running out of time.
Now, we need to pick
up the pace and do
what I call a time
snap, where we regain
where we should have been 100
years ago in 20 years, 15,
20 years.
So that's a level
1 civilization,
and you imagine, at that
point, there's no pollution.
There's no poverty.
The workweek probably drops
10 to 15 hours a week.
There's abundance.
It's a totally different
economic system,
environmental system, and
justice system, social system,
where people--
there's just not the
haves and have-nots,
because there's
total abundance due
to these advanced technologies
that create endless abundance.
So at that point,
there's the possibility
of a permanent peace, a level 2.
Now, the thing about
permanent peace
means that you're not just
becoming peaceful and slipping
back, and a permanent
peace requires
a certain level of
conscious, spiritual,
and social integration.
And this is where you develop
transdimensional technologies
that are only being used
for peaceful purposes
that we've talked about before--
travel, going from point A to B
with anti-grav.
Here's a beautiful part of that.
Once people are freed
from the shackles
of the macroeconomic
system we're in,
which, actually, is sort of
like an extension of slavery
industrially, you
have the ability
to have people really pursue
higher states of consciousness.
Why?
Because they're freed up.
They're not working.
You know, both parents
aren't working 40, 50,
60 hours a week, so
there's the ability
to engage in creative
endeavors, pursue
higher states of consciousness,
and really develop
your spirituality.
It becomes practical to do.
So-- and then,
that will allow you
to evolve and be ready
for clearance for takeoff
to become an interstellar
civilization.
That's a level 3 civilization.
You are an interstellar
civilization,
because you've been in stable.
You're peaceful.
You're not engaging in
weapon systems in space.
There's widespread
establishment of the science
of consciousness.
And the integration between
your world and other worlds
begins to happen
overtly, openly.
And my sense is that probably
in the next 1,000 years,
Earth will be fully integrated
into these other interstellar
civilizations that are at
that level, a 3 or above.
And then a level
4 civilization--
this gets into
where you're really
developing higher
states of consciousness,
because at a level 4,
you have at least 1%
of the population in
cosmic consciousness, very
high enlightened state-- not
everybody, but at least 1%.
And that creates an effect
on the entire population
again through this 1%
effect that is non-local.
And these are the
senior ambassadors
that we've had encounters
and meetings with that
are in an enlightened state
of cosmic consciousness--
like I mentioned, kindness,
Bijou, the healer.
They're all in those very
high states of consciousness.
And contact with other
advanced civilizations
is their primary purpose.
They are literally
ambassadors to the universe.
It's the CE-5 project,
I have called--
we're ambassadors
to the universe.
And they also provide guidance
to emerging civilization
and kind of oversee
and be sure that they
don't go too far in a direction
that could harm other planets.
And that's-- you see some of the
civilizations that are here are
at that level where they're
trying to be sure we don't have
too much damage that emerges
from Earth to other places.
And then level 5 civilization
is getting very rarefied.
Now, this is a civilization
where everyone on the planet
is in cosmic consciousness.
They're born into enlightenment,
because we don't have time
to go into the epigenetic
effects of consciousness
on the body and on the
genes and how it's passed on
from one generation to another.
But I'll just give you a hint.
When you are in a
meditative state,
but you're in a very
high meditative state,
it alters your genetic and
neuroplasticity of your brain,
but that's passed on
in one generation.
So then you have
the entire planet
has become enlightened, truly,
in cosmic consciousness.
And so this then leads to the
widespread and accelerated
experience of innate
cities and the parallel
of those being applied
technologically
in almost everything
that planet is doing.
So when you go back to
what I shared a moment ago,
that becomes just
the way of life.
And then a level
6 civilization--
this is when many people
experience some of those ET
beings almost at
a celestial level,
because that's when at
least 1% of that world
are in a state of God
consciousness permanently.
And that affects everything else
and where their technologies
almost reach a refinement
of the celestial,
but it's technological,
and they're from a planet--
very, very-- they often
get confused with an angel,
but they all have
a craft with them.
So this is where there's
a lot of confusion--
I call it cosmological
indigestion-- that happens,
because there is
overlap of experiences
people have with beings
from other dimensions
with these very, very highly
developed civilizations
that are out there.
And the physical world that
those planets takes literally
on the quality of
a celestial realm,
so it can be physical but also
has this celestial quality.
And their spacecraft do, too.
And then you have, from there,
in this natural progression,
at level 7, everyone on
the planet from birth
is in God consciousness.
Number 7, that's where humans
will be in about 300,000
to 500,000 years.
By the end of this
Yuga, this cycle,
this entire planet will be
inhabited by beings like that,
by us having our progeny 20,000
generations in the future.
It's really very beautiful.
And at that point, that
civilization really
correlates the celestial realm.
They can phase by intent from
3D to celestial, the world
and the craft, all of it.
And it's a very exalted
state of civilization.
And then at a level
8 civilization,
this is where you have all the
technologies are interfacing
as a celestial level--
I mean everything
on the planet--
not just the advanced
ambassadors and starships,
but the entire manifestation
of their planet.
And really, it's then by
thought everything happens.
You materialize, do everything
just exactly like you've
heard in these higher
celestial realms,
but they're in a
planetary system.
And they can then
choose, by the way,
to be in the universe we
think of or in this higher
celestial dimension.
And then, now we're going to
get into some extremely advanced
civilizations, the level
9, where you have about 1%
of that population that are
in Brahmin consciousness,
universal consciousness.
The ambassadors of and guardians
of entire emerging worlds
are from that level.
I call them the
primogenitures of life
and the protectors of
the development of life
throughout the cosmos.
And then level 10, everyone
in that civilization
is in Brahmin consciousness.
>>BILLY: It's just incredible.
This is so beautiful.
>>GREER: Yeah, it's
beautiful where we're going.
>>BILLY: Yeah, absolutely.
I agree 1,000%.
>>GREER: Yep.
>>BILLY: Thank you, Dr. Greer.
That was amazing.
>>GREER: Thank you.
>>BILLY: I'm Billy Carson.
Thank you for
watching "Disclosure
with Dr. Steven Greer."